feat(limits): Support "branchConcurrentLimit" option (#7198)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

Configuring this to `true` means that Renovate will detect and apply the default reviewers rules to PRs (Bitbucket only).

## branchConcurrentLimit

> If neither `branchConcurrentLimit` or `prConcurrentLimit` are configured then Renovate won't enforce any branch creation limits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Renovate won't enforce any concurrent branch limits. If you want the same limit for both concurrent branches and concurrent PRs, then just set a value for `prConcurrentLimit` and it will be reused for branch calculations too. However, if you want to allow more concurrent branches than concurrent PRs, you can configure both values (e.g. `branchConcurrentLimit=5` and `prConcurrentLimit=3`).
```

> This setting - if enabled - limits Renovate to a maximum of x concurrent branches.
> 
> Note that this limit is enforced on a per-repository basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If neither `branchConcurrentLimit` or `prConcurrentLimit` are configured then Renovate won't enforce any branch creation limits.

This limit is enforced on a per-repository basis.
```

> By default, Renovate won't enforce any concurrent branch limits. If you want the same limit for both concurrent branches and concurrent PRs, then just set a value for `prConcurrentLimit` and it will be reused for branch calculations too. However, if you want to allow more concurrent branches than concurrent PRs, you can configure both values (e.g. `branchConcurrentLimit=5` and `prConcurrentLimit=3`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, Renovate won't enforce any concurrent branch limits.
If you want the same limit for both concurrent branches and concurrent PRs, then just set a value for prConcurrentLimit` and it will be reused for branch calculations too.
However, if you want to allow more concurrent branches than concurrent PRs, you can configure both values (e.g. `branchConcurrentLimit=5` and `prConcurrentLimit=3`).
```

Suggestion ensures we're following the one sentence per line style.

Configuring this to `true` means that Renovate will detect and apply the default reviewers rules to PRs (Bitbucket only).

## branchConcurrentLimit

> By default, Renovate won't enforce any concurrent branch limits.
> If you want the same limit for both concurrent branches and concurrent PRs, then just set a value for prConcurrentLimit` and it will be reused for branch calculations too.
> However, if you want to allow more concurrent branches than concurrent PRs, you can configure both values (e.g. `branchConcurrentLimit=5` and `prConcurrentLimit=3`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, Renovate won't enforce any concurrent branch limits.
If you want the same limit for both concurrent branches and concurrent PRs, then just set a value for `prConcurrentLimit` and it will be reused for branch calculations too.
However, if you want to allow more concurrent branches than concurrent PRs, you can configure both values (e.g. `branchConcurrentLimit=5` and `prConcurrentLimit=3`).
```
